docs: update synthetics with zip support (#609)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-command-reference.asciidoc

*`--inline`*::
Instead of reading from a file, `cat` inline scripted journeys and pipe them through `stdin`.
For example, `cat path/to/file.js | npx @elastic/synthetics --inline`

*`--screenshots`*::

> Enables capturing screenshots for every step in the journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Captures screenshots for every step in the journey.
```

> *`--network`*::

Reviewer 2: Can we add the junit output options too?

Author: We already have the reporter option documented above.

> Capture network requests for every step in a the journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Captures network requests for every step in the journey.
```

*`-h, --help`*::

> Shows help for the `npx @elastic/synthetics` command.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows help for the `npx @elastic/synthetics` command.
```
